# Job league
Job league is a job seeking website where all job offer community gather in one place except the job is restricted on using IT skills as based requirement. For example web developer, web designer, multimedia, game developer and so on.  There are two type of user, which is the one who want to hire or being hired. The hire system is using bidding system where job seeker chose which salary being offer. And the job seeker is applying for any project post by a company fixed salary to work for them as permanent or freelancer.

This website is not limited to hire or being hired, also to promote or show their skills by doing showcase and joining a contest which created by any company who posted the project. But what’s make this website unique than other job seeking website? Introducing ranked job system where ranked define your skills, career and experience. It mean the higher the ranked, the higher your skills and acknowledgement by other people. What make it difference than other current system? This ranked job system carry a lot of meaning and information where the higher ranked mean they work hard to reach the certain level. Because to increase the ranked, you need to earn it by doing some showcasing, working experience and joining a contest. Which mean the ranked indicate on how much work and skill has done by the person. And so, we called it a Dynamic CV. It is much greater than normal CV. 

This also can solve any problem regarding lack of experiences and education background. Basically this is an opportunity for people who are interested or good in IT skills but no background education to apply job for Information Technology Company.  
